Improve documentation (#16187)
netdata/netdata: collectors/ebpf.plugin/README.md

The eBPF plugin also shows a chart in the Disk section when the `disk` thread is enabled.

> Before to enable this option see how [Latency Monitoring](#latency-monitoring) impacts your host performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before enabling this option see how [Latency Monitoring](#latency-monitoring) impacts your host performance.
```

This group has charts demonstrating how applications interact with the Linux kernel to open and close file descriptors.
It also brings latency charts for several different filesystems.

> Before to enable this option see how [Latency Monitoring](#latency-monitoring) impacts your host performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before enabling this option see how [Latency Monitoring](#latency-monitoring) impacts your host performance.
```
